<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="contrib">
  <title>Contributing to this document</title>

  <body>
    <p>
      This is a DITA document.  The original is available from the
      <xref format="html"
      href="https://github.com/greynolds/leiningen-doc">github project</xref>.
    </p>
    <p>
      Please use the <xref format="html"
      href="https://github.com/greynolds/leiningen-doc/issues">Issues
      Tracker</xref> to register bugs, corrections, enhancement
      requests, etc.  Alternatively, you can clone the repository and
      edit the text directly.  If you do please credit yourself in the
      metadata.
    </p>

    <section>
      <title>Intellectual property</title>
      <p>
	This work is licensed under the Creative Commons
	Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. To
	view a copy of this license, visit
	http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/ or send a
	letter to Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San
	Francisco, California, 94105, USA.
      </p>
      <p>
	That means you can create a derived work, but you can't sell
	it.  If this document ever becomes the complete,
	well-organized and well-written document I have in mind, it
	might be possible to sell print copies and generate a few
	bucks for Mulgara.  The idea being that any profits from this
	document in any form will go toward development of Mulgara.
	For this to work, obviously, there must be only one version
	available.
      </p>
      <p>
	Therefore, I retain copyright to the document and any changes
	to it, including the right to offer a commercial version of
	this document and any changes to it.  As proxy for the
	"community"; somebody has to own the thing.  Ideally ownership
	would be assigned to a foundation or something, but since we
	don't have one of those, I'll have to do.
      </p>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>DITA</title>
      <p>
	<xref format="html"
	href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=dita">DITA</xref>
	(Darwin Information Typing Architecture) is an <xref
	format="html"
	href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=dita">OASIS
	Standard</xref> for writing, managing, and publishing
	information.  It supports "topic-based" authoring.
      </p>
      <p>
	The <xref format="html"
	href="http://dita.xml.org/book/dita-wiki-knowledgebase">DITA
	Wiki Knowledgebase</xref> contains lots of information on
	DITA, from introductions and overviews to detailed
	documentation.
      </p>

      <p>
	Another good overview is <xref format="html"
	href="http://www.xmlmind.com/tutorials/DITA/index.html">DITA
	for the Impatient</xref> from <xref format="html"
	href="">XMLMind</xref>.
      </p>
      <p>
	The <xref format="html"
	href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/langspec/ditaref-type.html">DITA
	Language Specification</xref> documents the elements and
	atributes of the DITA Schema.
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Tools</title>
      <p>
	This document has been developed using the <xref format="html"
	href="http://www.xmlmind.com/ditac/">XMLMind DITA
	Converter</xref>.  XMLMind also publishes the superb <xref
	format="html"
	href="http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/">XXE</xref> XML
	editor, which has <xref format="html"
	href="http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/_distrib/doc/dita/index.html">integrated
	support for DITA authoring</xref>.  (Disclaimer: I have no
	connection with XMLMind, I just like their products.)
      </p>
      <p>
	The <xref format="html"
	href="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/">DITA Open
	Toolkit</xref> should work with this document, but it hasn't
	been tested.
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>

  <related-links>
    <!-- <link href="embed2.dita"> -->
    <!--   <linktext/> -->
    <!-- </link> -->
  </related-links>
</topic>
